Welcome to this fake McCoys.
So to get on with it.
We'll have to find the Figma website and create an account.
So to do that, we will search Figma in our browser.
I've said it before, so I completed it for me.
But if that is not the case for you, you go to Google and then you click on the fast results that appears.
Yes, they are sent to this web page.
Okay.
So what we see here is the fake my websites.
Now you may actually this figma figma is one of the main prototyping tools out there.
You can use it to create wireframes, mockups and.
Flus and things.
Yeah.
You can also use it to plan out your work.
Flu and.
I think Figma is an interesting tool to use now.
They had a lot of interesting updates that is very helpful to our designers, to the design community
out there.
Yeah.
So to come back.
Figma is both web based and desktop based, so you decide based on your preference, you can design,
decide to focus on the.
Web or the decide to download the desktop based version.
Whichever one works for you, you go with it.
Okay, so you are the fake my website.
And what we are going to do is we are going to create an account that is if you don't have an account
and this is your first time visiting or seeing Figma, so you create an account, right?
You sign up or already have an account.
So I'm not going to create one.
You enter your details.
If you want to go with your email, you enter your details and your password and you create an account.
A very simple process, if not anyone to sign up with Google to.
You can just choose to click Continue with Google.
Yes.
For those who would like to download the software, you just go to product and you select downloads.
It takes you to where you can download the app.
So here you see that the desktop app, the live device preview and the font installs, right?
As you notice, you realize that there are two separate apps for two separate.
Also, if you use Mac, you can decide to download the one for Mac.
If you use Windows, then you download the one for Mac.
So that's the desktop app.
And then we have live device preview, right?
The live device preview requires the software, the camera on your mobile device so that you can view
your design on your mobile device or your mobile phone as you design along is a very effective to people.
You can try it out.
Okay.
So since I already have the software and I've already created accounts, I don't need to do all that.
So I'm going to jump.
Since I already have the software and I've already created the account, I don't have to do all that,
so I'm just going to jump right in.
Okay.
So what you download Figma you are going to see after you download that figma and sign, then you are
going to see this interface for the first time, be it in your browser or the desktop app.
Right.
I'm using the desktop version right now.
So you are going to see this interface, right?
And you won't see all these files I have here.
These are just works I've done right.
Are these are past works I've done.
So after you signed, after use registered and signed in, you are going to see this interface.
The first interface you are greeted with after you sign in or create an account in Figma.
Right.
All this you see here are works I've done.
They are not files you are going to see as you move along.
Right.
Okay.
So to move along, what you see here is.
Yeah.
So this here are my files that I've worked on.
My design files are worked on.
This section allows you to either create a design file or a fig jam file.
Right.
And then this section provides the tabs for you to go to the various rooms.
Right?
So to create a new design file, there are a number of ways you can do that.
Now, you can choose to click on the plus, right?
And then you have two options.
You have an option to either create a design file on a figure or a fig jam file, and we click on the
fig gum and see what it comes up with.
Okay.
So the fig jam file is where you create your work process, right?
You can if you are in a team, right.
And then you are designing the workflow or your like you can you basically use it to create your workflow?
Yeah.
So let's go back.
Yes.
So back to the plus.
I kick on a plus, but I click on the plus.
Right.
In this case, we are going to do a design, so I'll have to select the design file.
That's one way of creating a design file.
Or you could just go here directly and then just click on the design file to create a design file.
All right, all right.
All right.
So let's come to our topic.
We are going to do today as design a very simple screen.
Oh, sorry.
What we are going to do today is design some very simple screens.
So we have a welcome screen.
I log in screen and I register screen.
Sorry, I have to arrange that quite very well.
Okay.
So, da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Yeah.
So isn't the right order?
No.
So be designing a welcome screen.
I log in screen and then register screen.
Let me move this out.
Before we design, let me introduce you to the Figma interface.
So the gray area you see here is the work area in Figma where you do all your design work.
The right panel you see here is has the design, the prototype and then inspect options, right?
So the design tab shows you a element of your the little bit of the.
Okay.
So let's do a quick introduction to Figma before we move on to do our designs.
The top bar you see here is the menu bar.
The two and menu bar has the tools here and then it has the Figma menu.
So this is my logo.
When you tap on it, you see the various menu items that you need.
Sigma.
So yeah, I can see that it gives me the options to create new design files and so on and so forth.
This year, right next to the Sigma icon is the move to the move to allow you to select a design or
an element in the work area and then move it around.
Next to it, we have the wireframe.
Sorry.
Next to it, we have the.
The frame icon.
The frame enables you to create the artboard that you do your designs on, right?
So the frame to you tap on it, right?
You get a lot of options on your left here.
You see there's a phone option, there's the tablet option, there's a desktop option, there's a presentation
and so on and so forth.
The next to after the frame icon is the rectangle two.
Oh, let me see that shape too.
Is that actually the shape to so the shape to click on the.
Everything down facing down here, you see the various tools available under the shape two.
So we have the rectangle, we have the line, we have the arrow, we have the ellipse, polygon, star
and images.
The next to here is the pen too.
So the pencil is basically used to create complex shapes that are not present or available under the
shapes to.
So yeah, that's basically it.
Okay.
So the next two after the pin to.
The next to after the painting is a text to the text two is what enables you put text on your design.
Then we have the hand tool that allows you to move around in your design file.
Yes.
And then we have the common tool that allows you during collaboration and comments to a design.
So it promotes collaboration with your other team members or other team members?
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's and then.
Up here you see the drafts that the for designed for wind and then beside it you see the design file
name the name of the design file.
You can double tap to rename your design file to whatever you want.
So here you see the your profile icon two.
Yeah.
And the next to it you see the share.
This enables you share your design with other collaborators or other editors for you to work with.
Okay.
So, and then we have the preview button is the preview button enables you to view your design in the
platform you are working.
And so it allows you to see how the design is going to look on the mobile device or the desktop device
that you are designing.
And and we have the Zoom view options that allow you allows you to zoom, gives you the options to zoom.
So here the layers panel.
This panel here shows all your design elements that you've used in your design work, all the design
elements you've positioned in your design work.
The asset shows your library, your design library, so your components and as other things you've created.
So yeah, that's it for the introduction.